Refactor certain doctests towards either reStructuredText documentation or Python tests (#464)
crate/crate-python: docs/by-example/sqlalchemy/crud.rst

================================================
SQLAlchemy: Create, retrieve, update, and delete
================================================

> This section of the documentation, related to CrateDB's SQLAlchemy integration,
> focuses on showing specific details when querying, inserting, updating, and
> deleting records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the documentation shows how to query, insert, update and delete
data using CrateDB's SQLAlchemy integration, it includes common scenarios like:
```

> It exercises filtering and limiting, inserting and updating with default values,
> and updating complex data types with nested Python dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Filtering records
- Limiting result sets
- Inserts and updates with default values
- Updating complex data types with nested dictionaries
```
